Southern Pacific, more like sucking Penis.
Stop putting liquids in the pit!
This is BS.
Crock and Rail Torture.
I forgot how weird the crumbs at the bottom taste
YES WE GET YOU WERE RA**D NOW SHUT IT.
mhmh aww but why.
Peachy senpai, put a networking cable in my ass.
Oh hey it's Nutttt.
Nutt is a better fuel than Reinforced Fuel.
uWu Everybady, Welcum to thuh South.
Hardcore Porn Factory: Pumping Industrial Nudes Since BR!
Ima write an erotic JCIR fanfic tmmr.
I swear the Steven X Connie it will happen and IM GONNA MAKE IT AND NOBODY IS GONNA STOP ME"
It's not gay if you are God.
Wrong hand running.
Your a Dumbaxe.
Villagers are just sentient emerald ore, it's fine.
Why are there so many GIANT FLAMING BONER WHEELS?
Don't you love it when you have a bunch of Angry Boners in a pit?
Oh no the Boner Caster teleported away!
I apparently have Danny Devito foot fetish.
gENital jOUSting on the NES!?"
Peach is gonna go add that to his Wank Bank.
I don't recall being a bomb, I'd think I'd know if I was.
*dies of internal combustion*"
o-oh, my bad im so terribly sorry..oh fuck.
a-ah shit im g-gonna bLOW!
Ugh I'm sleeping! Ugh I'm getting gangbanged! Ugh I'm dead!
psHAWWAWAWAAAASSHHH! Its like putting a Horseraddish in a Blender!
Oh my mouth tastes like a Body and Bath Works.
Alright, this should work, let's test it...I'm assuming it didn't work.
Ope, my address was there.
Peach, stop having anal intercourse with the spikes.
WhaT! I'm not doing incest with the bees!
A RECTANGLE IS A SQUARE!
"No, don't sit on my CF7 book.
That's weird, it works in the Test Enviorment...
HELP ME! THE PIGMEN HAVE GUNS!
oOooO we'll give this one an H!
The cubes pissed on your face and you died!
I hate you but I like you no homo ARE YOU SHITTING ON ME!?
What are you sUcking gUAHH gUAHH!
Squidward, I require your Nutt for my Splattershot.
I will lick whipped cream off of your Fursuit.
The literal JCIR Server falls into a pit and dies.
Meowcat likes to show his hot buns with chocolate all over them.
Introducing Solar-Powered Communism!
Well dammit, I was gonna tell him about the Butt Ship!
God dammit Lionel.
JCRail likes trains.. and he likes the smell.
Ive been building dicks since the 6th grade.
Dude, I just got stabbed, Chill.
Okey, Thankies from Mcspankies. No prob Ron the Don.
My dad went outside with a can of propane and told me not to follow him!
They changed the cum robot!? You can't just change the cum robot!
wooAOOAAAAAAAAAHHH its upSIDEdoWWWNNN!
JC is bullying the sentient explosives!
42 Dollars for a Snow Cone??
I think I need a Scooby Doo tie-fighter now.
Don't make me feed you Opium!
I like sweet old ladies!
I'm a level 1 hoe!
*leans in real close* I got a fROZeN nUTsAcK!
Ive got to put my Gold Quality Eggplant away!
Ghosts shop at K-Mart!
That egg's been in my pocket for two weeks! That doesn't matter...
Preserve the Furry Hentai!
Smother you in my toe juices!
whERES thE qUoTE lISt!??"
oOoOO that grill! f o a m.
gAaAah Fluidic Meat!
I guess that fluid meat penis is gonna stay there forever.
Who wants to help Sculpt my ass?
I will go get the aSS and I will smOTHer you with it!
Let me introduce you to Villager Milking Chamber Number 3!
You colonizing prick! Give me my slaves back!
Just because I colonized your children does'nt mean you can take me to court!
That ones got a Butt Steering Wheel! You don't see that everyday!
My banana has Crits! I wonder what this tastes like!
ThiCC bOx brOo can I mount it!?
Go bite me in the ass Tumblr!!"
Bill Nye is the new Trans Guy!"
Ah, so you had sex with the gas station pole?"
Just to satisfy my fucking ego...
Im gonna fucking deck you.
Crash report saved to: #@!@#...
Do you want to IMPORT FERN?
Giant happy furnaces, now sponsored by the British Government.
British Empire vs one thicc boi.
That junction looks like a dick, cant unsee.
The ability to force people out of TC stock is one power many consider to be unnatural. . . sorry BigJ this is my peen caboodle.
We don't want to hear your vast intellect about dolphin pleasure times.
Then damn JC your kidney is some good fucking food.
MFW planters peanut angsty teen years.
Its not yiff if its trains.
Fuck I got my dick stuck in an assembler.
A prick sounds so much fun!
BigJ! I got a present for you! It's a load of Sewage!
Vertical boiler doesn't do blowjobs anymore.
Who is Mayeeta Bandit?
My pants...
Hariesh... Shut up for a sec.
Oops
Overwatch should be Vacbanned.
The Chipotle. Its Back!
Can I get Diva Bathwater?
In 1700 fucking whatever Rez did a thing. The End.
I don't think that is in the Anime
Did you read the Magna
